test/consensus/src/TestMain.hx:32: Changing working directory from E:\Programming\Haxe\jsonpath\test\consensus/ to E:\Programming\Haxe\jsonpath\test\consensus\bin\cpp\
test/consensus/src/TestMain.hx:10: ===STARTING TESTS===
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:58: ===TESTS===
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:59: Testing 579 compliance queries...
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, root
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - basic, no leading whitespace
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - basic, no trailing whitespace
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, name shorthand
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, name shorthand, extended unicode â~º
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, name shorthand, underscore
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - basic, name shorthand, symbol
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - basic, name shorthand, number
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, name shorthand, absent data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, name shorthand, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, wildcard shorthand, object data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, wildcard shorthand, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, wildcard selector, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, wildcard shorthand, then name shorthand
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, space instead of comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, name and index, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, name and index, object data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, index and slice
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, index and slice, overlapping
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, duplicate index
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, wildcard and index
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, wildcard and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, wildcard and slice
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, multiple selectors, multiple wildcards
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - basic, empty segment
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, index
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, name shorthand
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, wildcard shorthand, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, wildcard selector, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, wildcard selector, nested arrays
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, wildcard selector, nested objects
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, wildcard shorthand, object data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, wildcard shorthand, nested data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, multiple selectors
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - basic, descendant segment, object traversal, multiple selectors
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - basic, bald descendant segment
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, existence, without segments
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, existence
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, existence, present with null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals string, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals numeric string, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals string, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals numeric string, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals null, absent from data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals true
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals self
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, deep equality, arrays
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, deep equality, objects
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals string, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals numeric string, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals string, single quotes, different type
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals string, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals numeric string, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals string, double quotes, different types
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals number
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals number, different types
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals null, absent from data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals true
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not-equals false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than string, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than string, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than number
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than true
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than or equal to string, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than or equal to string, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than or equal to number
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than or equal to null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than or equal to true
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, less than or equal to false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than string, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than string, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than number
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than true
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than or equal to string, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than or equal to string, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than or equal to number
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than or equal to null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than or equal to true
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, greater than or equal to false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, exists and not-equals null, absent from data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, exists and exists, data false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, exists or exists, data false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, and
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, or
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not exists
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, not exists, data null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, non-singular existence, wildcard
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, non-singular existence, multiple
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, non-singular existence, slice
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, non-singular existence, negated
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, non-singular query in comparison, slice
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, non-singular query in comparison, all children
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, non-singular query in comparison, descendants
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, non-singular query in comparison, combined
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, nested
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, name segment on primitive, selects nothing
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, name segment on array, selects nothing
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, index segment on object, selects nothing
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, index, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, index, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, index, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, name, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, name, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, name, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, combined, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, combined, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, combined, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, wildcard, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, wildcard, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, wildcard, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, slice, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, slice, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, relative non-singular query, slice, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, index, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, index, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, index, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, name, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, name, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, name, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, combined, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, combined, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, combined, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, wildcard, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, wildcard, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, wildcard, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, slice, equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, slice, not equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, absolute non-singular query, slice, less-or-equal
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, multiple selectors
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, multiple selectors, comparison
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, multiple selectors, overlapping
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, multiple selectors, filter and index
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, multiple selectors, filter and wildcard
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, multiple selectors, filter and slice
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, multiple selectors, comparison filter, index and slice
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, zero and negative zero
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, with and without decimal fraction
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, exponent
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, positive exponent
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, negative exponent
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, decimal fraction
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, decimal fraction, no fractional digit
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, decimal fraction, exponent
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, decimal fraction, positive exponent
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals number, decimal fraction, negative exponent
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals, special nothing
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals, empty node list and empty node list
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, equals, empty node list and special nothing
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, object data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, and binds more tightly than or
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, left to right evaluation
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, group terms, left
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, group terms, right
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, string literal, single quote in double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, string literal, double quote in single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, string literal, escaped single quote in single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - filter, string literal, escaped double quote in double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, literal true must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, literal false must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, literal string must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, literal int must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, literal float must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, literal null must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, and, literals must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, or, literals must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, and, right hand literal must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, or, right hand literal must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, and, left hand literal must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - filter, or, left hand literal must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - index selector, first element
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - index selector, second element
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - index selector, out of bound
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - index selector, overflowing index
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - index selector, not actually an index, overflowing index leads into general text
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - index selector, negative
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - index selector, more negative
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - index selector, negative out of bound
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - index selector, on object
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - index selector, leading 0
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - index selector, leading -0
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, absent data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0000
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0001
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0002
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0003
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0004
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0005
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0006
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0007
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0008
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0009
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+000A
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+000B
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+000C
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+000D
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+000E
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+000F
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0010
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0011
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0012
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0013
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0014
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0015
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0016
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0017
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0018
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0019
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+001A
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+001B
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+001C
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+001D
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+001E
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+001F
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded U+0020
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped double quote
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped reverse solidus
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped solidus
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped backspace
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped form feed
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped line feed
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped carriage return
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped tab
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, escaped â~º, upper case hex
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - name selector, double quotes, escaped â~º, lower case hex
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [A]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - name selector, double quotes, surrogate pair d?,z
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unsupported Unicode at pos 10: 0xD834
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - name selector, double quotes, surrogate pair dY~?
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unsupported Unicode at pos 10: 0xD83D
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, invalid escaped single quote
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, embedded double quote
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, incomplete escape
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, absent data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0000
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0001
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0002
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0003
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0004
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0005
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0006
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0007
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0008
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0009
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+000A
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+000B
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+000C
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+000D
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+000E
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+000F
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0010
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0011
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0012
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0013
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0014
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0015
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0016
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0017
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0018
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0019
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+001A
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+001B
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+001C
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+001D
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+001E
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+001F
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded U+0020
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped single quote
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped reverse solidus
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped solidus
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped backspace
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped form feed
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped line feed
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped carriage return
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped tab
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, escaped â~º, upper case hex
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - name selector, single quotes, escaped â~º, lower case hex
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [A]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - name selector, single quotes, surrogate pair d?,z
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unsupported Unicode at pos 10: 0xD834
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - name selector, single quotes, surrogate pair dY~?
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unsupported Unicode at pos 10: 0xD83D
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, invalid escaped double quote
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, embedded single quote
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, incomplete escape
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, double quotes, empty
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - name selector, single quotes, empty
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, slice selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, slice selector with step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, slice selector with everything omitted, short form
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, slice selector with everything omitted, long form
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, slice selector with start omitted
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, slice selector with start and end omitted
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative step with default start and end
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative step with default start
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative step with default end
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, larger negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative range with default step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative range with negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative range with larger negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, larger negative range with larger negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative from, positive to
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative from
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, positive from, negative to
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative from, positive to, negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, positive from, negative to, negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - slice selector, too many colons
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - slice selector, non-integer array index
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, zero step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, empty range
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, slice selector with everything omitted with empty array
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, negative step with empty array
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, maximal range with positive step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, maximal range with negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, excessively large to value
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, excessively small from value
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, excessively large from value with negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, excessively small to value with negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, excessively large step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - slice selector, excessively small step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - slice selector, overflowing to value
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - slice selector, underflowing from value
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - slice selector, overflowing from value with negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - slice selector, underflowing to value with negative step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - slice selector, overflowing step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - slice selector, underflowing step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, count, count function
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, count, single-node arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, count, multiple-selector arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, count, non-query arg, number
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, count, non-query arg, string
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, count, non-query arg, true
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, count, non-query arg, false
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, count, non-query arg, null
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, count, result must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, count, no params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, count, too many params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, length, string data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, length, string data, unicode
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, length, array data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, length, missing data
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, length, number arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - functions, length, true arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: MemberName(true)
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - functions, length, false arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: MemberName(false)
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - functions, length, null arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: MemberName(null)
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, length, result must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, length, no params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, length, too many params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, length, non-singular query arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, length, arg is a function expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, length, arg is special nothing
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, found match
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => ab]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => ab]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, regex from the document
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [bab]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - functions, match, don't select match
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: MemberName(match)
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, match, not a match
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - functions, match, select non-match
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: MemberName(match)
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, match, non-string first arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, match, non-string second arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, filter, match function, unicode char class, uppercase
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [D-]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, filter, match function, unicode char class negated, uppercase
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [D¶,1]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, filter, match function, unicode, surrogate pair
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [ad?,?b]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, dot matcher on \u2028
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, dot matcher on \u2029
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, match, result cannot be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, match, too few params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, match, too many params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, arg is a function expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => ab]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, dot in character class
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [abc,a.c]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, escaped dot
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [a.c]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, escaped backslash before dot
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [a\c]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, escaped left square bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [a[c]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, escaped right square bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [a.c,a]c]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, explicit caret
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [abc,ab]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, match, explicit dollar
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [abc]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, at the end
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => the end is ab]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, double quotes
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => the end is ab]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, at the start
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => ab is at the start]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, in the middle
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => contains two matches]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, regex from the document
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [bab,bba,bbab]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - functions, search, don't select match
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: MemberName(search)
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, search, not a match
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - functions, search, select non-match
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: MemberName(search)
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, search, non-string first arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, search, non-string second arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, filter, search function, unicode char class, uppercase
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [D-,D¶D-]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, filter, search function, unicode char class negated, uppercase
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [D¶,1]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, filter, search function, unicode, surrogate pair
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [ad?,?bc]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, dot matcher on \u2028
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [,
]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, dot matcher on \u2029
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [,
]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, search, result cannot be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, search, too few params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, search, too many params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, arg is a function expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [bab,bba,bbab]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, dot in character class
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [x abc y,x a.c y]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, escaped dot
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [x a.c y]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, escaped backslash before dot
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [x a\c y]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, escaped left square bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [x a[c y]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - functions, search, escaped right square bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [x a.c y,x a]c y]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, value, single-value nodelist
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - functions, value, multi-value nodelist
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, value, too few params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, value, too many params
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - functions, value, result must be compared
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, space between question mark and expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, newline between question mark and expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, tab between question mark and expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, return between question mark and expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, space between question mark and parenthesized expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, newline between question mark and parenthesized expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, tab between question mark and parenthesized expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, return between question mark and parenthesized expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, space between parenthesized expression and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, newline between parenthesized expression and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, tab between parenthesized expression and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, return between parenthesized expression and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, space between bracket and question mark
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, newline between bracket and question mark
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, tab between bracket and question mark
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, filter, return between bracket and question mark
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, space between function name and parenthesis
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, newline between function name and parenthesis
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, tab between function name and parenthesis
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, return between function name and parenthesis
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, space between parenthesis and arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => 1],[b => 2]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, newline between parenthesis and arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => 1],[b => 2]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, tab between parenthesis and arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => 1],[b => 2]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, return between parenthesis and arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => 1],[b => 2]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, space between arg and comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [foo]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, newline between arg and comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [foo]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, tab between arg and comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [foo]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, return between arg and comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [foo]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, space between comma and arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [foo]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, newline between comma and arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [foo]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, tab between comma and arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [foo]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, return between comma and arg
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [foo]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, space between arg and parenthesis
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => 1],[b => 2]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, newline between arg and parenthesis
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => 1],[b => 2]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, tab between arg and parenthesis
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => 1],[b => 2]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:40: FAILURE - whitespace, functions, return between arg and parenthesis
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:41:   Expected (TClass(Array)): [[a => 1],[b => 2]]
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:42:   Actual (TClass(Array)): []
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, spaces in a relative singular selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, newlines in a relative singular selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, tabs in a relative singular selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, returns in a relative singular selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, spaces in an absolute singular selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, newlines in an absolute singular selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, tabs in an absolute singular selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, functions, returns in an absolute singular selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space before ||
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline before ||
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab before ||
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return before ||
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space after ||
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline after ||
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab after ||
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return after ||
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space before &&
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline before &&
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab before &&
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return before &&
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space after &&
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline after &&
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab after &&
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return after &&
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space before ==
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline before ==
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab before ==
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return before ==
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space after ==
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline after ==
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab after ==
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return after ==
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space before !=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline before !=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab before !=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return before !=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space after !=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline after !=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab after !=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return after !=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space before <
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline before <
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab before <
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return before <
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space after <
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline after <
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab after <
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return after <
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space before >
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline before >
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab before >
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return before >
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space after >
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline after >
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab after >
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return after >
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space before <=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline before <=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab before <=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return before <=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space after <=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline after <=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab after <=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return after <=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space before >=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline before >=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab before >=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return before >=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space after >=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline after >=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab after >=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return after >=
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, space between logical not and test expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, newline between logical not and test expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, tab between logical not and test expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, operators, return between logical not and test expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - whitespace, operators, space between logical not and parenthesized expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: Parens([At,Dot,MemberName(a),Comparison(==),StringLiteral(b)])
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - whitespace, operators, newline between logical not and parenthesized expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: Parens([At,Dot,MemberName(a),Comparison(==),StringLiteral(b)])
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - whitespace, operators, tab between logical not and parenthesized expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: Parens([At,Dot,MemberName(a),Comparison(==),StringLiteral(b)])
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:76: ERROR - whitespace, operators, return between logical not and parenthesized expression
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:77:   Unexpected token: Parens([At,Dot,MemberName(a),Comparison(==),StringLiteral(b)])
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between root and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between root and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between root and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between root and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between bracket and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between root and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between root and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between root and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between root and dot
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between root and dot
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between root and dot
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between root and dot
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between dot and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between dot and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between dot and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between dot and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between recursive descent and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between recursive descent and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between recursive descent and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:49: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between recursive descent and name
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between bracket and selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between bracket and selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between bracket and selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between bracket and selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between selector and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between selector and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between selector and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between selector and bracket
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between selector and comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between selector and comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between selector and comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between selector and comma
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, space between comma and selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, newline between comma and selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, tab between comma and selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, selectors, return between comma and selector
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, space between start and colon
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, newline between start and colon
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, tab between start and colon
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, return between start and colon
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, space between colon and end
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, newline between colon and end
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, tab between colon and end
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, return between colon and end
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, space between end and colon
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, newline between end and colon
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, tab between end and colon
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, return between end and colon
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, space between colon and step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, newline between colon and step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, tab between colon and step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:37: SUCCESS - whitespace, slice, return between colon and step
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:83: ===RESULTS===
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:84: Successes: 514
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:85: Failures: 50
test/consensus/src/json/path/JSONPathComplianceTest.hx:86: Errors: 15